---
title: 'Feb Meetup AI on the Edge'
description: 'Women in Tech: AI web builder and HK street project'
pubDate: '12 16 2024'
heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-3.jpg'
---

*Women in Tech: AI web builder and HK street project*

This month as we enter the feative season and break for the year, this will be the last evet. We hear two women in tech speak about their projects.

Karrie Mariah speaks about the AI web builder tools she’s been exploring and Diana Pang will present her Hong Kong streets web project.

Kerrie Mariah is a dynamic software engineer and tech consultant with a passion for simplifying complex technologies. With extensive experience in web development, system automation, and API integrations, Kerrie specializes in crafting innovative, user-focused applications that deliver real-world impact. Known for her approachable communication style and ability to bridge technical expertise with creativity, she has worked with global financial institutions and startups alike, helping them harness cutting-edge tools to streamline processes and build scalable solutions.

Building Your Own App with Next.js and Cursor.ai In this talk, Kerrie Mariah will demystify the process of building your own app using Next.js and the power of Cursor.ai. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting out, Kerrie will walk you through the practical steps of leveraging Next.js’s versatile framework and integrating AI-driven insights with Cursor.ai to create applications that are both scalable and innovative. Expect actionable insights, real-world examples, and tips to turn your app ideas into reality.

Diana Pang wil talk about 4.2%, an interactive data storytelling project exploring the HK's stories and development through its street names.

Diana Pang is a strategist, researcher, and designer working at the intersections of systems, urban environments, and well-being, with a focus on healing and care. My trauma-informed design work has been recognised by Core77 and IxDA, and featured at Milan Design Week and Dubai Design Week.

[More here on meetup event invite](https://www.meetup.com/hk-web-dev/events/304981141/?eventOrigin=group_events_list)