
---
title: 'You Are the Product. ITERATE~!'
description: 'You Are the Product. ITERATE~!'
pubDate: '7 15 2025'
heroImage: '/hkwd-logo-header.png'
---

*You Are the Product. ITERATE~!*

From leading global design transformation at IBM to building an innovative SaaP ecosystem at the EdTech startup Preface, my journey has been about daring to redefine my role and impact. At IBM, I mastered solving complex challenges at scale, but transitioning to a startup pushed me to expand beyond design into product strategy, business growth, and leadership. In this keynote, I’ll share how embracing the unknown and blending design craft with strategic thinking empowered me to create bridges between technology, education, and impact. Join me to explore how daring to step outside your comfort zone can unlock your potential.

## About the speaker

Michael Tam is Chief Product Officer at EdTech startup, Preface, and former Global Design Principal at IBM, Michael brings 15+ years of expertise in blending deep design craft with the delivery of commercial success to drive experience-led enterprise transformation. As an advisor & mentor to various communities, including ADPList, Design for Good, and UXPH, Michael continuously finds ways to help humanity and technology move forward together.

## About the organiser

​Rhys Turner is a Creative Technologist and Innovation Technologist, specializing in the intersection of technology, design, and luxury experiences. With a background in emerging technologies, AI, and interactive media, he explores innovative ways to enhance digital storytelling and customer engagement. His work focuses on blending creativity with technical innovation, pushing the boundaries of digital craftsmanship in the fashion and beauty industries.

[Google Slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uTirfFwgzMmA67O1_nu5aaswSDHbKH_Uly4-E2Yv7Xs/edit?slide=id.g12c16a3246_0_2#slide=id.g12c16a3246_0_2)

[Video coming soon]()

- [Meetup event](https://www.meetup.com/hk-web-dev/events/308270298)
<!-- - [Luma event](https://lu.ma/b2b4r787)   -->