---
title: 'May Meetup AI on the Edge 3'
description: ' Local vs Cloud LLMs: AI on the Edge 3'
pubDate: '5 20 2025'
heroImage: '/hkwd-logo-header.png'
---

# Local vs Cloud LLMs: AI on the Edge 3
## Details

​In the last meetup we ran DeepSeek R1 on a Raspberry Pi with an external GPU which was very performant! But there are some drawbacks back. This time we explore alternatives and compare against cloud LLM solutions.

​Join us for an in-depth session on deploying super charging DeepSeek R1, an AI-powered reasoning and code generation model, on a Raspberry Pi vs Cloud services. We’ll explore hardware requirements, software setup, performance optimization, and real-world applications for web developers and IoT enthusiasts. Learn the next steps after how to install, configure, and run DeepSeek R1 locally but now with an extenral GPU, enabling AI-powered coding assistance and offline inference. We’ll also discuss challenges, optimizations, and future possibilities for low-power AI computing. A live demo will showcase DeepSeek R1 running on a Raspberry Pi with a GPU, demonstrating its capabilities in a real-world setting. Q&A session included!

### About the organiser

Rhys Turner is a Creative Technologist and Innovation Technologist, specializing in the intersection of technology, design, and art experiences. With a background in emerging technologies, AI, and interactive media, he explores innovative ways to enhance digital storytelling and customer engagement. His work focuses on blending creativity with technical innovation, pushing the boundaries of digital craftsmanship across industries.

### Schedule
7:00 - Welcome mingle
7:30 - Talk - DeepSeek for Edge AI
8:00 - Q&A
8:30 - Forum and mingle

[Join our discord for better communication](https://discord.com/invite/k6zSjSZUUE)

[Web](https://hkwebdev.com/)

We are looking for: A venue Presenters Volunteers Sponsors

If this is you please reach out.

[Video coming soon]()

- [Meetup event](https://www.meetup.com/hk-web-dev/events/307246043/?eventOrigin=group_upcoming_events)
- [Luma event](https://lu.ma/i1054cbd)