---
title: 'May Meetup AI on the Edge 2'
description: ' Running DeepSeek R1 on a Raspberry Pi + eGPU: AI on the Edge 2'
pubDate: '5 6 2025'
heroImage: '/hkwd-logo-header.png'
---

# Running DeepSeek R1 on a Raspberry Pi: AI on the Edge with an External GPU
## Details

In the last meetup we ran DeepSeek R1 on a Raspberry Pi and it worked! But it was slow. This time we will beef up the specs and run DeepSeek with an external GPU on a Raspberry Pi.

Join us for an in-depth session on deploying super charging DeepSeek R1, an AI-powered reasoning and code generation model, on a Raspberry Pi. We’ll explore hardware requirements, software setup, performance optimization, and real-world applications for web developers and IoT enthusiasts. Learn the next steps after how to install, configure, and run DeepSeek R1 locally but now with an extenral GPU, enabling AI-powered coding assistance and offline inference. We’ll also discuss challenges, optimizations, and future possibilities for low-power AI computing. A live demo will showcase DeepSeek R1 running on a Raspberry Pi with a GPU, demonstrating its capabilities in a real-world setting. Q&A session included!

About the speaker

Rhys Turner is a Creative Technologist and Innovation Technologist, specializing in the intersection of technology, design, and art experiences. With a background in emerging technologies, AI, and interactive media, he explores innovative ways to enhance digital storytelling and customer engagement. His work focuses on blending creativity with technical innovation, pushing the boundaries of digital craftsmanship across industries.

Schedule
7:00 - Welcome mingle
7:30 - Talk - DeepSeek for Edge AI
8:00 - Q&A
8:30 - Forum and mingle

[Join our discord for better communication](https://discord.com/invite/k6zSjSZUUE)

[Web](https://hkwebdev.com/)

We are looking for:A venuePresentersVolunteersSponsors

If this is you please reach out.

[Video coming soon]()

- [Meetup event](https://www.meetup.com/hk-web-dev/events/307174805/?eventOrigin=group_past_events)
- [Luma event](https://lu.ma/wtxj3tws)